Rename otp to security_code (#13)
CuriousLearner/django-phone-verify: docs/usage.rst

            return self.serializer_class

Otherwise, serializer classes for ``verify`` and ``register`` views will not be available.

> 3. Last OTP generated for a number can also be found at `/admin/phone_verify/smsverification/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Latest passcode generated for a number can also be found at `/admin/phone_verify/smsverification/`.
```

> 3. Latest passcode generated for a number can also be found at `/admin/phone_verify/smsverification/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Latest passcode generated for a ``phone_number`` can also be found at `/admin/phone_verify/smsverification/` URL.
```

Reviewer: Can you please also unify the term we use in the documentation viz (security code, passcode, OTP) to security code, please?

Author: The request and responses are using `otp` as a parameter. It is also being used in many other places. Would it be better to unify the terms to `OTP` instead of `security code`?

Reviewer: Ah, we need to also have the functionality of OTP here. It should've been actually called `security_code` but I'm not sure if I'd like to break the APIs.
